Um, Sisi doesn't need a second grandfather to buy a bag.
Just need second master
One kiss is enough.
Yes, Sisi understands.
If I'm sure, I'll stay by your side
Breathing in confidence is beneficial to the Second Family.
Help the Second family build a family
Let Co Tu sleep later, check in and get coffee.
Great lady.
Right.
About the Second Master intercepting additional attacks.
But Lam Thien Nhi will say this again later.
Take these important documents first.
Put the others here.
Okay.
Oh, yeah, and that too.
HAS.
Information about that project will be placed here first.
No problem.
Lemon coffee
HAS.
Ah, yes, yes, sorry, sorry.
Me, I haven't been a maid for too long.
I I didn't mean it.
It's okay, you can clean this up.
I'm going to change.
Don't rush.
Turns out it was to steal information.
Let Ms. Thuy monitor closely.
At that time, it's okay to return the money.
I have already arranged it.
That's right, you are Lam Thien.
What's going on?